do you have duty how'd you get sponsored
so whole I was in a bike race today and
I won and they sponsor me Oh 360 what
you got ipad tennis pro iphone 7 plus
watts and then we got first we got the
apple watch 2 plus 0 because I rapping
foot oh my gosh okay so look at the ipad
10s pro oh baby oh oh my gosh dude I'm
so gotta be kidding me you know I'm
final to iPad cracking because we have
this bad boy let's check it out and last
but not least the iphone 7 plus plus x
okay so i just want to thank everyone
throughout this year to help me get
where I am today especially Apple it
helps so much and show my love and
support towards you guys me an apple
made a deal where you get a fifty
percent off if you use my coat on
apple's website and the code is t 6996
25 fights hey dude can I see your phone
it's
oh yeah why do you do that